Once relegated to adult theatres, bookstores, or new stands,
today pornography is everywhere, only a click or tap away.
It is not new, erotic art existed in ancient cultures.
For some, it was even a part of their worship.
Today, even some religious people feel that pornography is harmless
and therefore acceptable.
On the other hand, some who read the Bible
feel that pornography and erotic literature are harmful,
even a sin against God.
What is God's view of pornography?
Though the word pornography doesn't appear in the Bible,
the Bible's principles make very clear
how God feels about sexual matters.
First Corinthians 6, 9 and 10,
leaves no doubt about God's view of sexual immorality,
sexual acts outside of marriage.
Those who are sexually immoral will not inherit God's kingdom.
Jesus told us that fueling immoral desires is also sinful.
He said,
everyone who keeps on looking at a woman
so as to have a passion for her
has already committed adultery with her in his heart.
But Colossians 3.5, we are told to deaden our body members
as respect sexual immorality,
uncleanness, uncontrolled sexual passion.
Pornography arouses immoral, unclean sexual desires.
The very opposite of what we are told to do,
deaden or suppress them.
The Bible warns what uncontrolled desire can lead to.
James 1, 14 and 15 says we are drawn out and enticed
by our own desire.
Then the desire, when it has become fertile,
gives birth to sin.
In turn, sin, when it has been carried out,
rings forth death.
If God condemns immoral acts,
clearly he would disapprove of
as watching people engage in such acts.
Pornography, whether we watch it,
read it, or listen to it,
must be highly offensive to God.
God wants husbands and wives to enjoy love
and intimacy in their marriage.
But he hates all forms of sexual and cleanness,
including pornography.
Like any bad habit, viewing pornography
can be overcome.
And many, with God's help, have successfully done so.
To learn more about what the Bible says on this
and many other topics, go to jw.org.